Fort Albritton was a new member at that time.
All right, let's back up to co-education.
Fort Albritton was on in 73.
Yes.
When the proposal about co-education non-compulsory corps came up, do you have any idea what Mr. Rutter's initial reaction was?
Do you have any idea whether he was for it or...
Well, I would say Mr. Rudder didn't have, probably wouldn't have expressed his initial reaction.
I think Mr. Rudder is going to think about it.
He's going to contact a few people.
I don't think he's negative.
He's going to have one way or the other.
I never heard any remarks where he disagreed with it at all.
In fact, I have heard on English cadence he's the one that got people to make the recommendations to do it.
I don't know if that's true.
I've heard that he's asked several people to get the board to
He was a very good decision-making type of person.
He was the type of person that he maybe couldn't run all the alternatives through his mind at one time, but he could run enough through the decision-making pretty healthy.
Let's see, let's go back to Austin.
Which governors were most supportive of the work of the engineering extension service?
I'd say Dolph Briscoe.
Dolph Briscoe.
The reason I'm saying that, Dolph Corder was certainly capable for assistance in doing different things.
Most governors don't do that.
Other than local legislators, were there any other legislators that were key supporters?
Yes.
Who?
Senator Jones, I'm happy.
All right.
Do you remember his first name?
I don't.
Grant.
Grant Jones, that's right.
Any others?
Over the state?
Mm-hmm.
Well, of course, we had a lot of representatives, but I can't call their names right now.
But yes, what we, you know, wasn't it?
I'll tell you, I'll handle that.
Whenever we had a budget, whenever they had the House Appropriations Committee, I made the point that each one of those people not only know me, but know my programs.
I didn't work with the Higher Education Committee.
You know, with any higher education.
But I made sure that everybody on the Appropriations Committee knew me.
And at that time, we all used to make presentations and cut that out until the end.
They had this little representative from, I don't know, right out of Warland Falls County.
He got to be a pretty good friend of mine, but that's been 15, 18 years ago.
I saw his name in the paper.
He's a lobbyist now, by the way.
Can you remember him reading one of those?
They all get to be lobbyists.
Yeah.
He was very much supportive.
Then we had a representative out of one of those Dallas houses, one of Cedar Hill, I don't think.
But he was a volunteer farmer, so he was very supportive.
But I didn't live a good evening.
What were, as you look back, what were your proudest moments with the Extension Service, the highlight events that you now remember?
Well, I guess the things that I've
enjoyed most about it was the ability that we had to bring about new programs to people in the state of Texas.
I was awfully, extremely proud of the quality of our work.
I never, it was, I didn't get two complaints about our work for 19 years I was there.
I think we had extremely good people.
But my really highlights was, I figured that when you take an organization with 15 employees, you end in the 400, you know, on a self-support basis, a million and a half, and you get it up to 39 million, that was always a good feeling.
And we carried, when I left that thing, you might be nervous to know, when I left that organization, I left over 13 million in reserves.
That's great.
Okay, now, let's turn to the amusing side.
Can you think of some...
event that happened that was one of those Texas unbelievable something that maybe just went wrong something just the electricity went off or it's one of those I know you won't believe this but it really happened can you I'll have one okay I always had a state of the union speech we always had an annual conference and I always give a state of the union message which I always stressed the basics
And, of course, I had an information person who would always put my presentation together for me.
And I'd have slides.
And the last thing I always ended up with was the play.
Well, for some reason, I had this damn button in my hand, snapping up something.
And I was up there just talking like mad at home.
little girl with the front row, he put me thinking.
He said, Mr. Bradley, you're already on slide 20.
I was punching the slide.
I wasn't even close to the one that I was talking about in front of all 400 people, you know.
So they had a good laugh.
They all had a good laugh.
And of course, I come back at them and I said, now, Clara, the reason I did that, I just wanted to see if you all were paying attention.
Okay, now, from all of your Aggie memories, either as a student or employee, give me a funny Aggie story, and then maybe a sad or poignant Aggie story.
It could involve anything, anybody.
Well, the saddest one, I can get that right off my chest in the beginning.
My roommate was in combat 21 days and killed, and he was from New Orleans, Texas.
Where?
And you all were roommates for how long?
Two years.
Sure, sure.
Okay, now some good Aggie fun.
Well, I guess the biggest Aggie fund we had was in Texas, Peterson.
The Thanksgiving game in 1940 made the touchdown seven to nothing.
First 30, 40 seconds of play.
And we were all hitchhiked into Austin.
And so my roommate at that time also was from Craig.
And Bo T. Rove, which is about five or six of us,
But downhearted.
Disgusting his life, I guess to say.
But anyway, we got out on Congress Avenue to start hitchhiking.
We got picked up.
Right off.
Two cars.
One thought, another thought right behind us.
One had this Model 8 Ford with a little rumble seat in the back.
I don't remember.
I was in the rumble seat.
And they kept going out to Congress Avenue.
You know, we told them we wouldn't want to get on the highway tonight.
It looked great.
And they took us out about 10 miles out there, and I'll bet you there was 500 universities in Texas people out there and about 50 Aggies.
And they would eat the hell out of us.
With a paddle?
No, with a fish.
Oh, oh, battle.
Oh.
That was quite funny.
The reason that was funny, you'd think you're so damn stupid that you'd get in a car like that.
And the other one pertains to your Rice University group.
Uh-oh, my freshman year, you know, we used to rent these cattle trailers to take us down to the courtroom.
And so our upperclassmen told us that they wanted us to all get together freshmen.
There was a whole bunch of us to get together freshmen and have yelp practice right there to the entrance of the Rice Gate.
Well, of course, four of the five of us, we got out there early, and we was,
standing there, and all he wants, about 15 or 20 of these damn rice aisles come out and grab us, take us up to the damn dormitory room, paint a damn horror on our head.
Okay, let's see.
If you have any letters, diary, journal, or any personal items that you would ever be willing for the A&M archives to copy,
Please do so.
Not asking you to give it to them because you might want to keep them in the family.
But any time you have any papers that relate to your career, particularly as a student and or as an employee, and if you have any letters that you wrote home from overseas.
Well, does anybody in the family have any?
I doubt it.
See, my family's all passed away.
Because I thought if there was any V-mail or anything like that.
I don't imagine so because my family's all been doing so long and their kids have it for me.
But if you do, because, you see, if we can gather all of those materials up, the more we learn about this school, the better we can make it go in the future.
The only thing that I've got...
that I will go through my file.
I don't know, but I just went through the letter.
I got the letters.
Every year, the letter that I got September 1st, now it's what my salary is going to be.
I got that all the way through my career.
I'll have to look, but I might have some stuff there.
Okay, then the last thing.
In your heart now, as you look back, what parts of Texas A&M are dearest to you?
Oh, university.
No, but what parts of the university?
I consider the university a part, but that's not it.
But if I were to come to you and ask... Oh, I think engineering.
The engineering?
Any particular part of engineering?
Well, no, I think the... I can't say about the last 10 years, because this is based on the last 10 years.
The engineering school at Texas A&M University throughout the state of Texas, and I've traveled it all my life, both in industrial economics and in Texas
They were known as problem solvers.
And people looked upon P&M's engineering thing as a place you'd come forward to get a problem answered, not to get so damn theory.
And I was always extremely proud.
And I was always proud of the fact that they were all very professional with it.
I mean, they looked hard.
And I was always proud to say that I was from the engineering company.
Always.
And I don't know the engineering company.
But I always felt that they had to be respected in the state.
Now, of course, agriculture has a strong, or it did at that time, have a very strong.
And you can see why.
Because you've got to eat.
And regardless of what you think about agriculture, it's still an important segment of their economy.
You want an unhappy group of people who don't feed them.
So whether you like them or don't like them, you've got to respect them.
But I never...
John Pierce and I were very close friends.
I liked John real well.
Former dean of business.
Mm-hmm.
I always felt that they could have, because he was the first dean.
Maybe he didn't have the resources.
But I was, I wanted to impress him at the college.
See, I was talking to SMU five years at night, and they had a, I've been at that college.
See, they used to get all their business instructors from industry and global to support me to go out there and teach them.
All right, for today let's stop, and I want to thank you very, very much.
This has been a very good interview.
And whenever I can get a secretary, we're going to be hiring soon, get you a double-spaced first draft to go over and modify as you want to.